feat: add method to render as const enums values for go generator. (#662)
asyncapi/modelina: examples/generate-go-enums/README.md

# Go Data Models

> A basic example of how to Modelina render enums values in Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic example of how Modelina renders enum values in Go.
```
